---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Netbox"
description: |-
  The netbox provider provides resources and data sources to interact with Netbox.
---

# Netbox Provider

**⚠️ Important Notice: Do Not Use This Terraform Provider ⚠️**

This is a **fork** of the [e-breuninger/terraform-provider-netbox](https://github.com/e-breuninger/terraform-provider-netbox) provider. It exists just to merge a few pull requests that are currently open in the original repository.

If you're looking for a stable and maintained provider, you should use the original repository. Once the relevant pull requests are merged upstream, this fork will be **archived**.

Thanks for understanding!

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_token` (String) Netbox API authentication token. Can be set via the `NETBOX_API_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `server_url` (String) Location of Netbox server including scheme (http or https) and optional port. Can be set via the `NETBOX_SERVER_URL` environment variable.

### Optional

- `allow_insecure_https` (Boolean) Flag to set whether to allow https with invalid certificates. Can be set via the `NETBOX_ALLOW_INSECURE_HTTPS` environment variable. Defaults to `false`.
- `headers` (Map of String) Set these header on all requests to Netbox. Can be set via the `NETBOX_HEADERS` environment variable.
- `request_timeout` (Number) Netbox API HTTP request timeout in seconds. Can be set via the `NETBOX_REQUEST_TIMEOUT` environment variable.
- `skip_version_check` (Boolean) If true, do not try to determine the running Netbox version at provider startup. Disables warnings about possibly unsupported Netbox version. Also useful for local testing on terraform plans. Can be set via the `NETBOX_SKIP_VERSION_CHECK` environment variable. Defaults to `false`.
- `strip_trailing_slashes_from_url` (Boolean) If true, strip trailing slashes from the `server_url` parameter and print a warning when doing so. Note that using trailing slashes in the `server_url` parameter will usually lead to errors. Can be set via the `NETBOX_STRIP_TRAILING_SLASHES_FROM_URL` environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
